RPC part of keelson (#34)
MO-RISE/keelson: README.md

> **NOTE**: keelson is in the early phases of development and will undergo significant changes before reaching v1.0. Be aware!

> keelson is an opinionated key-space design, pub-sub message format and generic RPC interfaces on top of [zenoh](https://github.com/eclipse-zenoh/zenoh) primarily targeting the area of Maritime Robotics. It is provided as free and open-source software under the Apache 2.0 License.

Reviewer: Marine Robotics is a Norwegian company :) 
```suggestion
keelson is an opinionated key-space design, pub-sub message format and generic RPC interfaces on top of [zenoh](https://github.com/eclipse-zenoh/zenoh) primarily targeting the area of Maritime vessel operation onboard and ashore. It is provided as free and open-source software under the Apache 2.0 License.
```

Author: Fair enough, will rephrase to avoid confusion.

The keelson protocol is described [HERE](./the-keelson-protocol.md).

TODO: A nice graphic here would be nice...

**Repository structure**

This repository is a mono-repo. It contains the following (in order of ):

* A description of [the keelson protocol](./the-keelson-protocol.md)

> * The well-known message schemas supported by keelson: ([messages/](./messages/README.md))

Author: Well spotted, will add.

* Update version numbers in the respective SDKs
* Make a new release on Github with name according to version number

### Extensions

**Work-In-Progress**

Extensions to `keelson` can be of three different types:
* additional well-known subjects/payloads/messages, i.e. a `message` extension
* additional generic RPC interfaces, i.e. a `interface` extension
* additional connector implementations, i.e. a `connector` extension

For convenience, extensions should:
* be named as: `keelson-<extension_type>-<extension_name>`, for example `keelson-connector-mavlink`

> * add a topic `keelson-<extension_type>` to its repository to be visible

Reviewer: What for topic?

Author: https://github.com/topics

Will add this link to the README to further clarify.

Author: This one is better: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/classifying-your-repository-with-topics
